Stop talking nonsense
You did this.
Evidence is required for everything
You have proof?
Lord, don't listen to his nonsense
What are you waiting for?
Hurry up and do it
Soft ones don't work hard ones
Okay, let's see whose fist is tougher
I go up, I take it down, sit down
Chief, what's going on?
Oh.
Is it because they know you're coming to see the resort?
Come with me here, the lion is trying to cheat
He also said that our Liang Group is bullshit
I can't listen anymore.
You fart again
It's you who turned right and wrong
I want to visit the forced demolition of Ye Xianjia
You are Mr. Ye Xianye
Yes. What's wrong?
Are you tearing down my house?
Then I'm going to see what you're capable of
Hey boss, look, look
How arrogant!
Want me to say?
This kind of scumbag is going to hit his Fuweichi
Keep your mouth shut